
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead the full marketing strategy and have accountability over development, execution, and optimization across all channels including paid and organic search, display, email, social, TV, radio, direct mail, and affiliate marketing.
Communicate with the leadership team and key stakeholders to execute lead generation, sales enablement, and retention-based marketing campaigns that align with and deliver against business goals.
Develop and execute social media, content, and communication strategies to further our public relations and community engagement.
Identify, forge, and grow strategic marketing partnerships.
Build a highly efficient and capable team of marketing professionals.
Define the competitive marketplace and evolve our brand awareness through strategy development and brand building tactics.
Lead research and development into new marketing tactics and strategies while improving current systems.
Establish key metrics and manage goals while leading the improvement of our pipeline for sales.
Establish framework for all marketing activity, tracking results and reporting progress with management.
Develop segmentation, competitive analysis, market intelligence, salesforce effectiveness, strategic planning and revenue retention and growth.

Qualifications:

A completed BS degree in Business, Marketing, Advertising or other related discipline.
Minimum experience required 10+ years of professional experience in a leadership marketing role.
Experience building and executing brand awareness and public relations campaigns.
Experience in a fast-growing company with a track record of delivering big results.
Highly proficient and effective communication skills
Ability to utilize data analytics to deliver insight and identify opportunities for growth.
A strong record of developing successful, innovative and cost-effective marketing campaigns.
Punctual and ready to report to work on a consistent basis.
Travel up to 25 percent of the time.
Excel in a fast-paced environment.

What We Offer:

A team-first, work hard play hard culture, full of rewards and recognition for our employees. We are dedicated to our employees' success and growth.

Our extensive benefits package includes:


Generous Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits
401(k) with Company Match
Paid Holidays, Volunteer Time Off, Sick Days, and Vacation
10 weeks Paid Parental Leave
Pre-tax Transit Benefits
Discounted Gym Membership
Citi Bike Annual Membership Discounts
No-Cost Life Insurance Benefits
Voluntary Benefits Options
ASPCA Pet Health Insurance Discount

About National Debt Relief:

National Debt Relief is one of the country's largest and most reputable debt settlement companies. We are made up of energetic, smart, and compassionate individuals who are passionate about helping thousands of Americans with debt relief. Most importantly, we're all about helping our customers through a tough financial time in their lives with education and individual customer service.

We are dedicated to helping individuals and families rid their lives of burdensome debt. We specialize in debt settlement and have negotiated settlements for thousands of creditor and collections accounts. We provide our clients with both our expertise and our proven results. This means helping consumers in their time of hardship to get out of debt with the least possible cost. It can also mean conducting financial consultations, educating the consumer, and recommending the appropriate solution. Our core services offer debt settlement as an alternative to bankruptcy, credit counseling, and debt consolidation. We become our clients' number one advocate to help them reestablish financial stability as quickly as possible.

National Debt Relief is a certified Great Place to Work®!